feat: add disallowScopes option (#179)
amannn/action-semantic-pull-request: README.md

            ui
          # Configure that a scope must always be provided.
          requireScope: true

>           # Configure which scopes are disallowed in a PR title.
>           # For instance, by setting the value below, `chore(release): ...` or `ci(e2e,release): ...` will be rejected

Reviewer: Added a dot at the end and wrapped the lines a bit nicer:

```suggestion
          # Configure which scopes are disallowed in PR titles. For instance,  by setting
          # the value below, `chore(release): ...` or `ci(e2e,release): ...` will be rejected.
```
